MSC: New auth rule that only allows someone to post a message in relation to another message (#3394)
matrix-org/matrix-doc: proposals/3994-new-auth-rule-that-only-allows-someone-to-post-a-message-in-relation-to-another-message.md

> # Example: new auth rule that only allows someone to post a message in relation to another message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# New auth rule that only allows someone to post a message in relation to another message
```

Today, chat platforms are used broadly in order to broadcast information to large audiences. An example of this are [Telegram channels](https://telegram.org/tour/channels/).

Matrix rooms can be used to a similar effect, if permissions are set so that regular users can't post any messages. Subscribers are fine with this most of the time, because they're usually more interested in reading new content by the room's owner than in replying to that content, or in reading what other subscribers have to say.

> But some times they may want to give feedback, or read other people's opinions; and that can't be done today because, by definition, this kind of room prevents any type of conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But sometimes they may want to give feedback, or read other people's opinions; and that can't be done today because, by definition, this kind of room prevents any type of conversation.
```
